Amend PoolCurrentPaydayinfo with commission rates. (#112)
Concordium/concordium-rust-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

- Add a `Cis4Contract` for interacting with Cis4 contracts.
- Add a new `web3id` module that contains types and functionality for
  construcing Web3ID credentials and verifying Web3ID proofs.
- Add a `commission_rates` field to `CurrentPaydayBakerPoolStatus` which yields the commission rates 

>   of the baker for the reward period (requires a node with version > 6.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  of the baker for the reward period (requires a node with version at least 6.1).
```

>   of the baker for the reward period (requires a node with version > 6.0).

Reviewer 2: Version 3 of the SDK has been released. You need to move this changelog up into "Unreleased changes" section.
